README.md, before:

# Curator

Curator is a discord bot written by Ruukas and RJTimmerman.
It is currently early in development, and we still have many ideas that we want 
to implement. The bot is mainly developed for the Infinity Item Editor discord. 
However, we will work on having the bot run on several servers in the future.

## Requirements

- **Python 3** ([Windows Download](https://www.python.org/downloads/). Linux: `sudo apt install python3`)
- **Python PIP** (Included in Windows python installer. Linux: `sudo apt install python3-pip`)
- **Virtualenv** (included in Windows python installer. Linux: `sudo pip3 install virtualenv`)
- **PostgreSQL Database** ([Download](https://www.postgresql.org/download/) or setup for free on [ElephantSQL](https://www.elephantsql.com/))

## Setup

### Install the Dependencies

#### Windows:
```bat
python -m venv venv
CALL venv/Scripts/activate.bat
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Linux:
```shell
virtualenv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Discord Bot Account

Have a bot account on [Discord Developer Portal](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications).

### Configuration

Create a file called `curator.conf` and fill in the credentials:

```txt
[Default]
# Client ID from 'General Information' tab of your Discord Application
ClientId=<client_id>
# Token from 'Bot' tab of your Discord Application
Token=<bot_token>
# PostgreSQL URI to connect to a database the bot can use
PostgreSQL=postgres://<username>:<password>@<server>:<port>/<database>
# The size of the pool, the bot will use to communicate with the database
PoolSize=3
# The prefix that the bot will use for commands
CommandPrefix=!
# The id of the channel used to forward received DMs to
DMDump=<channel_id>
```

### Initialize the database

Run `init_db.py`, in some cases you will need to run it several times, 
as some tables depend upon others.
 
## Run
*Linux users might need to replace `python` with `python3`.*
```shell
python bot.py
```

## Contact
If you have any questions, or would like to discuss the bot, you can find me on Discord: `Ruukas#9050`.

Commit message:

big things good stuff
WHAT TO DO - read carefully:
- See README.md for the new line in the config file
- Create new database column called "ticketcategory" in the serverconfigs table (BIGINT, no default)

Changes:
- added support tickets, along with Sadmin commands and a database column for them
- bot admins (with access to admin commands) are now set in curator.config and changed cog_checks accordingly
- added a weird randomizer I made a year ago as a Fun command
- hexadecimal counts now need a "#" in front
- added a Debug command to get a channel by id

Minor changes:
- Added cog_check example to template
- Added alias to ,logchannel remove
- added alias for ,chartroles commands
- deleted messages are now shown in a code bblock instead of a code line

Don't need to even read this:
- changed demojize import in tictactoe.py
- renamed chartroles functions in sadmin.py
- removed unnecessary list comprehension in sadmin.py lines 126 and 148
- changed double quotations marks to single quotations marks in info.py line 51
- removed unused utils.messages import from admin.py
- moved paginator.TextChanges import in admin.py to the top of the file
- changed reply command to use ctx.invoke()

README.md, after:

# Curator

Curator is a discord bot written by Ruukas and RJTimmerman.
It is currently early in development, and we still have many ideas that we want 
to implement. The bot is mainly developed for the Infinity Item Editor discord. 
However, we will work on having the bot run on several servers in the future.

## Requirements

- **Python 3** ([Windows Download](https://www.python.org/downloads/). Linux: `sudo apt install python3`)
- **Python PIP** (Included in Windows python installer. Linux: `sudo apt install python3-pip`)
- **Virtualenv** (included in Windows python installer. Linux: `sudo pip3 install virtualenv`)
- **PostgreSQL Database** ([Download](https://www.postgresql.org/download/) or setup for free on [ElephantSQL](https://www.elephantsql.com/))

## Setup

### Install the Dependencies

#### Windows:
```bat
python -m venv venv
CALL venv/Scripts/activate.bat
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Linux:
```shell
virtualenv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Discord Bot Account

Have a bot account on [Discord Developer Portal](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications).

### Configuration

Create a file called `curator.conf` and fill in the credentials:

```txt
[Default]
# Client ID from 'General Information' tab of your Discord Application
ClientId=<client_id>
# Token from 'Bot' tab of your Discord Application
Token=<bot_token>
# List of Discord IDs of people with access to the admin commands (including your own), seperated by a comma with no spaces
Admins=314792415733088260,261156531989512192
# PostgreSQL URI to connect to a database the bot can use
PostgreSQL=postgres://<username>:<password>@<server>:<port>/<database>
# The size of the pool, the bot will use to communicate with the database
PoolSize=3
# The prefix that the bot will use for commands
CommandPrefix=!
# The id of the channel used to forward received DMs to
DMDump=<channel_id>
```
Be very careful with who you give admin access, as this is very powerful.

### Initialize the database

Run `init_db.py`, in some cases you will need to run it several times, 
as some tables depend upon others.
 
## Run
*Linux users might need to replace `python` with `python3`.*
```shell
python bot.py
```

## Contact
If you have any questions, or would like to discuss the bot, you can find me on Discord: `Ruukas#9050`.
